### Automated Birthday Wisher
    This is a program that lets you send birthday emails automatically to all the people who have a birthday today.
    Hence, saving us from remembering all those birthdays.
    
### Do following changes in "AutomatedBirthdayWisher.py" file:- 
    1) Write your email and password in "MY_EMAIL" and "MY_PASSWORD" variables - 
      • MY_EMAIL = "YOUR EMAIL"
      • MY_PASSWORD = "YOUR PASSWORD"
      • Note:- "YOUR PASSWORD" is not the email password but it is a 16 character long app password.
              This app passord can be easily generated by following the below tutorial - 
              https://youtu.be/hXiPshHn9Pw
    2) Set the SMTP host according to your email service provider - 
      • For Google  - [ SMTP host = "smtp.gmail.com" ]
      • For Yahoo   - [ SMTP host = "smtp.mail.yahoo.com" ]
      • For Outlook - [ SMTP host = "smtp-mail.outlook.com" ]
      • For Hotmail - [ SMTP host = "smtp.live.com" ]
    3) If Timeout error occurs, try the following - 
      • Change the SMTP port number.
      • Allow access to less secure apps in your email settings.
      • Check for any firewall protection and disable it.
   
### Do following changes in "File_BirthdayDates.csv" file:-
    Update the rows of birthdays with your own birthdays data in the same format.
   
### Do following changes in "File_BirthdayWishes.json" file:-
    Replace "[NAME]" with your name at the end of each wish.
   
### Do following thing to automatically send emails:-
    1) Sign in to "https://www.pythonanywhere.com/"
    2) Go to "Files" and upload python file under files.
    3) Create a directory named "Database" under directories and upload Database files here.
    4) Go to "Consoles" and select "Bash" and run
       "python AutomatedBirthdayWisher.py"
    5) If any error occurs, try resolving as told earlier.
    6) Close the "Bash" terminal and go to "Tasks".
    7) Set the time in UTC at which you want the email to be send and write "python AutomatedBirthdayWisher.py"
    8) Click on "Create" to schedule the python script.
